good Sunday to all the boys are
less and welcome back with the
thirty-fourth episode of the tops
five place of the week today we have one
top full of fantastic clips
really all very beautiful
in fifth place we find slevin that
plays with a cell and gold but will use
only the c4 makes a triple of c4 then
pass 55 seconds ago another triple of
c4 and always in the same game as
she's not happy about having made two triples
of c4 thus concludes with a third triple
of c4 nor killed nine with 3 c 4 in the
same match so slevin compliments
in fourth place we find the jet taxis
legend already appeared in the last top
so congratulations for being there
reconfirmed has already made a feed quota
then does the fifth and sixth really clip
fantastic because it is a 6 man with 5 but
on screen accounts of the first enemy a little
then admiring it then do xscope here with
the things that I've never been
able to do because enough
difficult therefore I compliment with
legend and thus concludes with the belt but
not screen then legend compliments
great clip we pass now to the third
place three to a clip made by
great nvidia dino player on pc
the video dog can be found in
description that is really a plan
absurd has already made a coding then knows
which below is another one makes the 5 men 5
man continues here the clip is not over
calling you sat makes another kill 23
challenge made a careful feed and one
then trust 10-second sauce
congratulations dino great rip
in second place we find the z taxis
earth that is obviously playing for
make a trick shot throws the stun is
determined to do so on the side boom with como vi
liked because it really something
original made straight beautiful
in fact now see the luck il cannes
where he throws the stunner then switch 76
sometimes put in his state
how the fuck is his name and then he throws his tom
hoc to kill the enemy right on the
ankle so precise so
congratulations earth beautiful clip
second place to the super deserved
in the first place we now find a clip
absurd absurd
there is indeed a seventh shadow I would say then
puts down lippi
then he says then oh well I made a
quiz go for nothing that continues with the
ballista comes out on red and is double-headed
shot collateral switch boom 5 but not
screen
but this is really a clip that to me
He liked a brothel has done something
beautiful going here wanted to do us
see the clip in slow motion instead
Enough whores sent her
changing six quadrature times though
let's consider there was now in slow motion
weeks with double and two weeks coop with
collateral and then switch to beautiful with
it feels like this concludes with the last
that the ds r clip beautiful of shadow
congratulations deserved first place
however guys thank you so much
because in so many you sent me the
thank you clips was really a
This week's hard choice
vitam leave so many others even if not
you have already sent it postponed but that
maybe next week will be chosen
for the top
I always thank you for how we are
going up as you follow me and
I invite you to continue to follow me on
Facebook page and subscribing to the channel
so guys for today by melina everything
she is beautiful